# Go API client for zbmgmt

API for managing cluster membership and partition distribution.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import zbmgmt "github.com/sijoma/camunda-autoscaling-hackday"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `zbmgmt.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), zbmgmt.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `zbmgmt.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), zbmgmt.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `zbmgmt.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `zbmgmt.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), zbmgmt.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), zbmgmt.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:9600/actuator/cluster*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultAPI* | [**BrokersBrokerIdDelete**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#brokersbrokeriddelete) | **Delete** /brokers/{brokerId} | Remove a broker from the cluster.
*DefaultAPI* | [**BrokersBrokerIdPost**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#brokersbrokeridpost) | **Post** /brokers/{brokerId} | Add a broker to the cluster
*DefaultAPI* | [**BrokersPost**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#brokerspost) | **Post** /brokers | Reconfigure the cluster with the given brokers.
*DefaultAPI* | [**PartitionsPost**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#partitionspost) | **Post** /partitions | Increase partition count.
*DefaultAPI* | [**RootGet**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#rootget) | **Get** / | Get current topology


## Documentation For Models

 - [BrokerState](docs/BrokerState.md)
 - [BrokerStateCode](docs/BrokerStateCode.md)
 - [CompletedChange](docs/CompletedChange.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ExporterConfig](docs/ExporterConfig.md)
 - [ExporterStateCode](docs/ExporterStateCode.md)
 - [ExportingConfig](docs/ExportingConfig.md)
 - [GetTopologyResponse](docs/GetTopologyResponse.md)
 - [Operation](docs/Operation.md)
 - [PartitionConfig](docs/PartitionConfig.md)
 - [PartitionState](docs/PartitionState.md)
 - [PartitionStateCode](docs/PartitionStateCode.md)
 - [PlannedOperationsResponse](docs/PlannedOperationsResponse.md)
 - [TopologyChange](docs/TopologyChange.md)
 - [TopologyChangeCompletedInner](docs/TopologyChangeCompletedInner.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



